1.APM

2.A builder who combines technical skills with product thinking

3.always  a curious person , why and what questions all the time 

4.honestly i was deciding to do MBA in abroad but then i got to know about the Product Management as a domain . and got fascinated everything about the PM and it would give exactly what i need and what an MBA in top colleges give . so i decided rather then studying MBA , spending Lum some of money and don't know if it gives me the same leverages as a PM .

5.  1.Deligation & leadership 2.i do not stick to a plan . (i believe we have to change the approach , plan according to the circumstances  ) 3. going depth into the problem solving 

6.leave them blank - name project 1 and so on . i will edit it later

7.Doc-to-Answer System (RAG-based Retrieval Engine) . other give suggestions 

8.instead the to do list . make it Doc-to-Answer System - built it to help us in while preparing for collage exams (build story around it ) challenge- sate something . i learnt- that the product emerge from the necessity and user pain .

9.spotify because it is the best product in segment . it's work culture and decisions . and the team is so amazing 

10.spotify 

11. Head of Photography club in college , pm intern at a startup 

12. photography content participation, hockey state level sliver medal (also add : it's so strange that the most achievement we are really proud is the things we are really passionate)  

13.add this segment add product management 101 and keep some scope to add more in the future .

14.nope (remove this section)

15.yes product tear down analyses of spotify , new feature about group ordering in swiggy  . yes for all 

16.combination 

17.Both 

18. -----------------

19.ADD all give all the info need . take it from my resume 

20.yes

21. •Curious •organizer •overthinker

22. •photography • filmmaking (had passion but not courage to choose this from formal careers) •speaking with strangers than the knowns

23. be a product manager - earn enough to start a restaurant (dream) or earn more than enough to work for others dream 

24. Spotify (maybe it will give me lifetime free premium account ☺ )

25.everything 

26.feeling that i don't know much where other feel they know everything 



